So how early do you get the family involved with the next step? Um, next
career stuff. So, frankly, you better have your wife. Your significant
other wife for Mae Smiles for May involved from the get go. Okay,
So you're married, go north, walk, and then we're gonna choose a
ship from there and figure out where we're going because we knew what
should like. We're going to Newport's. We have to go house hunting,
so you'll get some house hunting leave, and you want to take the
family. That's about the latest. You want to let everybody know you
don't want to come home on a Friday? Say, Hey, we're moving toe San
Diego on Monday. Very brave man. Or another word for that. You might
want to use that kind of logic. I believe in communications and happy
spouse. Happy life. So definitely people spouse involved. And the
kids. You know, kids kids are called military brats for one reason.
They follow you around the world. Um, you know, they're gonna want
to know that they're moving. So that's what if you know, you should
tell him the way I assumed you. Find out you should. I will say as you
get senior in right, the shorter time frame that you're gonna find
that out fat Funny story I know is when the A dispersion will be built
in the Reagan years. One commanding officer's academy, Graduate
Pictures entire war. What little guy? We're also not. I said he was
home 54. Well, the skipper for Whole 53 had Burner so whole skipper
for Whole 54 to go to 53. Who says he doesn't have a sense of humor?
The new skipper for 54 was, of course, ain't on academy. It's funny
the way it was hurt when your suit. So the boy that sorry? Is it just,
you know, your senior? You're not gonna get that information as
time with you, junior officer. The exactly Walser hard head was ever
call for Well, that's not the case. If you can seeker, you know, you're
It was a piece of me. You know, there are fives when this war
peg in a round hole. It's so